these have been amazing three days I
think it feels like a month at this
point it's been amazing to get to know
everybody some the conversations have
been phenomenal
I've seen people learning about a ton of
stuff coming up with a bunch of new
ideas making poor requests finding
issues do writing documentation learning
about a whole bunch of concepts that
they didn't know anything about and
suddenly leveling up that's been really
amazing but as a Vida said I think the
most important thing that's gonna come
out of this is all of the relationships
that you've built with each other
here and so I'm really really glad that
that's been a big focus of the of these
three days and that we have formed a
really amazing group so thank you for
for spending your precious time with us
here
so as you get ready to leave the
interplanetary station and go back to
back to earth where we need to build a
lot of this stuff I want to remind you
why we're here
so this is you saw this slide from the
beads talk when we opened the project
mission we want to ensure that all
people have the ability to efficiently
access and grow humanity's knowledge we
want to mindfully develop new
technologies that preserve and promote
the rights of individuals when you think
about a lot of the things that we're
doing there usually are very tightly
connected to some important right that
we hold dear that we want to make sure
is preserved for everybody around the
world and we want to support a
persistent and upgradable open Internet
this amazing machine that we've built
can only improve and get better as we if
we can operate it safely and we want to
make sure that all information on the
Internet can be uniquely and permanently
content at rest on a distributed
peer-to-peer web remember that computing
revolutions have transformed our species
dramatically remember that there are big
changes coming ahead in the coming
decades that this is going to be an
amazingly interesting century some of
the dinner conversations yesterday
especially the table that I was having
just dived into a whole range of
incredible things and discussions about
what is gonna happen over the next two
four six decades so it'll be an amazing
roller coaster and remember that the
Internet today is a a huge part of
everybody's lives or not everybody but a
huge part of a big fraction of the
world's lives and increasingly so and
the properties of the tools that we use
really affect and impact people's access
to knowledge people's access to all
kinds of resources and their future
lives so an extremely high leverage
thing to do is to just enable more
people to use the internet well to have
you know lower latency connections to
have higher bandwidth to be able to do
all the amazing powerful things that you
can do and to do so safely we have a lot
of problems to solve but remember that
computer revolutions take a long time
and I want to just discuss how we can
continue the camp throughout throughout
the year and you know before next year I
don't know when we might do another one
so the first one is built together and
github I think everybody kind of knows
this one but a lot of the ideas and
thoughts that have been percolating here
need to find their way back to github
we've done a lot of really good
documentation this these last few days
but if we don't take the time to go and
write our ideas on there then our
broader community who's not here can't
learn from what you've come up with
can't help you build it and so on so
that's both just writing notes down and
then actually just building and hacking
on the things together so in terms of
all of those problems that we have to
solve they all at the end of the day
translate to some code that we have to
make and ship and improve so let's build
all this together the other thing you
can do is you can join or start a protic
school chapter so if you like hanging
out with people in in meatspace you can
make sure that that can happen more
frequently by joining a for a school
chapter or starting one and you can run
a workshop I think now you've either run
one or you've seen one run and you can
probably take it take a stab at it too
and a bunch of these are recorded so you
will be able to also watch how
presenters go in and run their workshops
so if you're interested in running a
workshop now you can you could also host
a meet-up and just gather people
together so you don't have to go and
create a whole workshop but you can just
bring the community together near you
you can also just hang out and discuss
things on you know discuss that I
professor IO or I our CEO there's a
whole bunch of other channels where we
all get together what I'd love to find
is some way to have a 3d world where we
can all hang out so you know whether
it's a game or something like that I
don't think we've like minecraft I don't
know we should pick like one game and we
should all play it and I think it'll be
pretty awesome
minecraft is probably like a good one
because it has cubes so
we can build stuff so yeah I don't know
if somebody wants to set up minecraft
ffs community minecraft server
I'd be down hang out the next thing you
can do is actually have fun together I
think this is a really important part of
all open source it's a lot of people
just can do amazing things together by
just having a lot of a lot of fun
together so keep doing amazing awesome
fun fun things and build more awesome
stuff so as we go into you know the next
year take all of the amazing knowledge
that you've put together and then you
know continue to make it make really
really awesome stuff the the next one is
hey spend some time trying each other
stuff out and I wanted to get a bunch of
like images here but I ran out of time
I've been amazed that the sets of things
that I've seen here in the last few days
there's an amazing products being built
some really cool stuff that I didn't
know like was working so well already so
try each other's stuff out play with it
give each other feedback and build on so
one of the coolest things that I've
observed is people building on each
other stuff so you know people building
on textile or pinata people building on
a whole bunch of the libraries that
people have been building so that's a
really really cool thing and a really
cool part of part of that community so
you know keep doing that that's awesome
the next thing is with the deep dives
let's see if it's a working man yeah
there we go so remember the matrix
so now so there's a bunch of problems
right but now with deep lives you now
have the knowledge in your brains on how
to fix all the things so now you can fly
the helicopter and you can go and like
scale a THC or you know do whatever and
and help solve it and so of the deep
types generally trend or things like
that generally translate to pull
requests which generally translate to
problem solved and it'll be awesome to
see more a bunch more HEC stickers so I
found a few but uh next time like make a
hexa-core that's you know compliant with
the with a hex protocol it's it's out
there on the web you can find it and
just bring your logo thing in hex so we
can all like put a bunch of hexes you
know so I think it'd be really awesome
and thank you to the node community for
like starting that it's like a great
idea
and so yeah all of these things you can
do to you know as you return to return
to Earth and I wanted to give a last
thank you so the amazing thing is
already but again if you drew let's
let's thank all the content producers
and the events team it's an enormous
amount of work to make such a special
three days happen so really a huge thank
you to that entire group
[Applause]
and and I also want to thank a person
who really made all of this happen
in by instigating it by making sure that
we put time into it by like coordinating
a lot of things going on by insisting
that like no way in hell could we delay
this and we had to happen now and then
making sure that all of the content
occurred and planning a lot of that
stuff and so on and so really this has
been an enormous labor of love and a
huge huge focus and all-consuming focus
for one person at least for many people
actually but but but especially when I
highlight Devi who has spent an enormous
fraction and of his life making this for
us yeah let's all just give him a
standing ovation
[Applause]
and I want to thank you because this
event would not have been at all what it
would be if you weren't here imagine
like just empty space no but really the
the conversations and things you brought
to to show and the problems you want to
solve and the ideas that you shared and
the things you came up with all of that
is like really really really amazing
stuff so thank you for for again putting
away everything else you were doing
being here being present with each other
spending this time together
forging new connections and and
participating so thank you so much
[Applause]
and I want to you know also thank the
broader community that couldn't be here
today so this is these kinds of events
are limited we can't you know put four
thousand people in one room nor can we
coordinate that kind of a schedule today
so a huge huge should thank you to all
of the people that helped make all of
this possible who aren't here now so
there's an inner like again a lot of
people who couldn't be with us today
that would like to be or like we'd like
to be with us you know a whole bunch of
different events so really huge thank
you to the community that is not present
here so thank you you're watching
[Applause]
and with that thank you very much and
make sure to you know be careful when
you exit the airlock don't make sure
your helmet is good don't open the door
too soon bad things can happen and yet
have a safe journey back to back to
earth so yeah
[Applause]